moved some examples from the composer page into the new Use Case section (#1802)
saucelabs/sauce-docs: docs/api-testing/use-cases/compose-body.md

---
id: compose-body
title: Different Ways to Compose a Request Body

> sidebar_label: How to Compose the Request Body

Reviewer: ```suggestion
sidebar_label: Composing the Request Body
```

   - Variable (the name of the variable that contains the response) - for example `searchPayload`
   - Mode (the response type) - for example `json`

2. Add a `Query Param` to the call

   - Name (the name of the param) - for example `search_term`
   - Value (the value of the param) -for example `sauce`

   <img src={useBaseUrl('/img/api-testing/get-search-term.png')} alt="GET request window"/>

The response payload from the call will be:

```json
  {
    "search_term": "sauce",
    "items":[
        {
          "id":11,
          "name":"Mayonnaise"
        },
        {
          "id":12,
          "name":"Hollandaise sauce"
        },
        {
          "id":13,
          "name":"Tomato ketchup"
        }
    ]
  }
```

3. Let's say you need the object `items` as the body in the subsequent call. So, as a second call, add a `POST` and enter the following as body:

```json
{
    "items": ${searchPayload.items.asJSON()}
}
```

<img src={useBaseUrl('/img/api-testing/post-body-object.png')} alt="POST request body"/>

3. Now you can proceed with your test.

## Creating a New Structure to Add as a Body

> The last scenario is yet another more complex one. In this case, we consider the scenario where we need to create a new structure to add as a body, using data from a previous call.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The last scenario is yet another more complex one. In this case, we consider the scenario where we use data from a previous call to create a new structure to add as a body. 
```
